all right here we go let's see what this
place this gated fortress has to offer
it doesn't look like that guy that was
sitting outside the gate is here anymore
I guess he went inside whoa so here we
are sins fortress what was that
something shot at me that was weird I
guess it was a trap that noise the heck
are those things Wow okay I need to go
this way and take a drink
Wow ok those guys are tough hmm I i
think i can take one of them on but two
of them is going to be difficult mainly
because i don't know how to fight them
yet be nice if i could just file one of
them so i can learn their pattern but
let's get my 200-something souls try it
again ok so i think i'm going to just
aha so here's the trap right here see it
right there
ok I'm just going to try to inch my way
forward see if I can attract just one of
these guys at a time looks like they're
both standing there so maybe ok I got
one ok that's good ok this will be
better
we gonna fight him by the bonfire on the
open so that I have some room to
maneuver behind him oh come on come on
don't be shy don't be shy I guess he
doesn't want to go over there and
apparently my hit's don't stagger him
man he's got a ton of HP son of HP okay
hopefully those guys don't respawn or
this is gonna be very very this guy's
stuck on my leg or this is going to be
you know soon and take a long time okay
so let's try the another guy might be
easier inside this room here we have
some room to maneuver around
I think getting behind these guys will
make it easier yeah this is definitely
easier okay so you beat those guys you
just need to give behind them and avoid
their strikes statues yup statues here's
an item soul of a brave warrior a brave
warrior and his bravery got him killed
okay so that's the first room we got
here be wary of night
night huh
don't see a knight something moving down
there looks probably a big monster
that'd be my guess okay let's see if
there's any items nope okay this might
be tricky I go along the sides here I
can't okay now thinking as long as
nothing shoots at me I'll be okay
and that something shot at me okay this
is not a good situation oh don't fall
off okay okay okay okay so we got
blizzard mages in this level touch
blood-stained what's the blood-stained
how did he die looks like he got killed
by the warrior okay so we got an upper
level and a lower level in a mid-level
it looks like let's advance to this area
hopefully there's no enemies to surprise
me just got shot it i wonder if i can
destroy these statues doesn't look like
it see what this message says master
okay muster
coming master okay guys keep on shooting
at me okay there's a mage over there
it's gonna be shooting at me while I
crossed this area so